Inaba?
What's wrong, Inaba?
That website requires nonfree javascript, you idiot!
Nonfree? But I didn't have to pay...
Sorry!
We could get pineapple instead of pepperoni
if you want!
So stop crying!
Inaba, I have an app for it.
Okay? We'll use the app instead.
What, that's not okay either?
Uhm, we can call them.
We can call them, Inaba-chan.
I finally made it back.
Iori, how was the Windows Club's party?
It looked like they were having fun.
Wait, where's our pizza?
We haven't decided how to order yet.
Inaba, I could drive down and order in person!
Would that be okay?
Inaba, how do you want us to order?
I'm getting hungry, Inaba-chan.
Inaban? Inaban?
What's wrong?
>tfw the botnet wants me to starve